Bump NN 87.0.5 (#5457)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

- Updated `MapboxManeuverView` or `MapboxRoadNameView` to prefer Mapbox designed shields over legacy ones. [#5445](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5445)
- Fixed `Nav Telemetry` to not run if `Telemetry events` is disabled. [#5455](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5455)
- Updated `MapboxNavigtation#provideFeedbackMetadataWrapper` to throw `IllegalStateException` if `Telemetry events` is disabled. [#5455](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5455)
- Fixed an issue where `off-route` was always false if there are no routing tiles available. [#5457](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5457)
- Added a default timeout for `Online` route requests (60 seconds). [#5457](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5457)
- Fixed an issue where an alternative route was equal a current route. [#5457](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5457)

> - Added delay before alternatives request if we get a deviation point behind. [#5457](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5457)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added delay before re-attempting to request alternatives in case the first attempt resulted in the deviation point behind the current position. [#5457](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5457)
```

> - Fixed parsing coordinates from `URL` with `.json` postfix. [#5457](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5457)

Reviewer: This isn't relevant for us.
